c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\obj\Debug\VirualDrive.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\VirutalDrive.exe.config
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\VirutalDrive.exe
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\VirutalDrive.pdb
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\VirutalDrive.xml
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\Bf4ProgressIndicator.dll
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\CircularProgressBar.dll
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\Goblinfactory.ProgressBar.dll
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\PercentageProgressBar.dll
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\RoundCorneredProgressBar.dll
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\WinFormAnimation.dll
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\CircularProgressBar.xml
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\bin\Debug\WinFormAnimation.xml
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\obj\Debug\VirualDrive.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\obj\Debug\VirtualDrive.Form1.resources
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\obj\Debug\VirtualDrive.Form2.resources
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\obj\Debug\VirtualDrive.Resources.resources
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\obj\Debug\VirutalDrive.exe
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\obj\Debug\VirutalDrive.xml
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\obj\Debug\VirutalDrive.pdb
c:\Users\SBTopZZZ\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirualDrive\VirualDrive\obj\Debug\VirtualDrive.Form3.resources
